                                 -------------------- CONSTRUCTOR ---------------------

Student Name: mdarman6207570@gmail.com

Transaction Id: 112181                         

Grade: Outstanding

Total Questions: 30

Correct Answers: 27

Attempted: 30

Non-Attempted: 0

Question No	Question Description	Attempted Answer	Result	Status
1	22. What is the output when you do not initialize instance variables explicitly?	B) Initialized with default values (0, null, false) depending on type		Attempted
2	6. Which of the following is correct to initialize an instance variable age using a parameterized constructor?	B) this.age = age;		Attempted
3	19. What does the following this call inside a constructor do? public ClassName() { this(10); }	A) Calls another constructor with one int parameter		Attempted
4	15. What statement best defines the this keyword in Java?	C) Refers to the current object instance		Attempted
5	11. Which is NOT true about instance variables?	B) They are specific to each object		Attempted
6	25. If you have a class with instance variables int a, b; and a parameterized constructor ClassName(int a, int b), what is the correct object initialization line?	B) ClassName obj = new ClassName(a, b);		Attempted
7	14. Can constructors be overloaded?	B) Yes, multiple constructors with different parameters		Attempted
8	18. Which constructor will be called by new ClassName(5, "abc");?	B) Parameterized constructor with 2 arguments		Attempted
9	28. What happens if you try to write a return statement in a constructor?	D) Execution stops		Attempted
10	27. How is a constructor different from a method?	B) Constructors have the same name as the class and no return type		Attempted
11	23. When a parameterized constructor is used, and instance variables are initialized with parameters, what is the benefit?	B) Objects are created faster		Attempted
12	7. What is a parameterized constructor?	B) A constructor with parameters to initialize instance variables		Attempted
13	2. How many return types does a constructor have?	C) No return type		Attempted
14	13. What will be output if the instance variable name is not initialized explicitly and you try to print it?	A) Null for String type		Attempted
15	10. What is the syntax to call a parameterized constructor when creating an object?	B) ClassName obj = new ClassName(parameters);		Attempted
16	29. In which scenario would you NOT need to use the this keyword inside a constructor?	B) When instance variable names differ from parameter names		Attempted
17	26. Which of the following statements is false about instance variables?	C) They can be accessed without creating an object		Attempted
18	3. What keyword is used to refer to the current instance variables inside a constructor?	B) this		Attempted
19	8. Which of the following is a characteristic of constructors?	A) Must have the same name as the class		Attempted
20	17. Which of the following is the correct way to declare an instance variable in a class?	A) int x = 0; inside class but outside methods		Attempted
21	16. What is the output of the following constructor code? class A { int x; A(int x) { x = x; } }	B) Instance variable x remains default 0		Attempted
22	24. Which keyword is mandatory in constructor definition?	D) None		Attempted
23	1. What is the main purpose of a constructor in Java?	B) To initialize instance variables		Attempted
24	20. Which of the following is true about default constructors?	B) They initialize instance variables with default values		Attempted
25	5. If instance variables and parameters have the same name, what happens if you don’t use this to assign values inside a constructor?	B) The parameters get assigned to themselves, and the instance variables remain uninitialized		Attempted
26	21. How do you define a parameterized constructor in Java?	A) By writing a method with the same name but no return type and parameters		Attempted
27	4. Why is the this keyword used inside a constructor?	B) To differentiate between instance variables and parameters with the same name		Attempted
28	9. What happens if you do not define any constructor in a class?	C) The compiler creates a default constructor (no-arg constructor)		Attempted
29	30. What is the effect of writing this.variable = variable; inside a constructor?	B) Assigns parameter value to the instance variable		Attempted
30	12. How do you initialize instance variables dynamically during object creation?	C) Using parameterized constructors		Attempted


Exam Result  : I got 27 marks.
